Aloha. I'm James Tucker from IA Junk
Aloha. I'm James Tucker from Aiea Junk Removal
Removal. Thanks for calling us. Thanks
for having us do your job. Um this is a
move out that we're doing and um
basically the tenant started to move out
with this borderline hoarding, but um
yeah, so we're going to be clearing out
that living room space and all the
kitchen, these two beds. I mean, isn't
this lovely? It's like call the concier.
Your bed is ready. And then look in
here. You can take a look. So, the
closet's like halfway up to the ceiling.
You have stuff on top of the closet, bed
frames. Um, then we're going to be
moving this bed out right here. Some
stuff in there. And then we're going to
be sweeping the floor, of course. And
then there's also this great surprise,
you know. So, we're getting started. You
got your mayonnaise, your sweet
prune juice. That'll help on this job.
But if you need your job done, no matter
how drastic it is, we work with Aloha
spiritfilled concentrative integrity and
would like to earn your business. So
we'll show you this when we're done with
it. Thanks for watching. James Tucker,
Aiea Junk Removal Junk Force.